well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about societal growth because we're
ready for it situations like the one
we're in they prime everybody around you
for societal growth when something like
this happens we all look at it and we
want things to be better we want to make
sure it never happens again we want to
make sure that we're looking forward the
establishment the powers that be they're
very well aware of this tendency and
this is worldwide they're aware of this
that's why they never let a situation
like this go to waste
that's why you see agencies conducting
little attempted power grabs right now
because they know what they want they
know what they want they have a clear
picture of it they want more power they
want more money they want more control
so it's easy for them to move in that
direction when the opportunity presents
itself they never let a situation like
this go to waste
we the average person worldwide we can
play that same game we can do that same
thing we're the ones that actually want
to change we're the ones that are most
drastically impacted by situations like
this we're the ones that have to bear
the cost so why don't we take advantage
of it why do we allow situations like
this to go to waste because we don't
really know what we want not really we
have a rough sketch we want things to be
better
yeah that's it's not a plan that's a
wish list so the question and what I
want everybody to think about and
comment on tell me because I'm very
curious what do we want
what is the society we want what do we
think everybody should have I think most
people watching this channel would say
yeah everybody should have food health
care housing and an education I think
that's gonna be pretty universal that's
cool but that's also just a wish list
how do we get there how do we
incentivize labor how do we motivate
people to innovate to take more
responsibility to work harder so not
just does everybody have what they need
by the standards of today but our
society advances and we get to that we
are closer to that utopian world that
deep down we all want so how do we get
there and I know that some people will
want to say whatever ism is your
favorite yeah that's cool that's cool
but let's be more specific let's talk
about tangible steps let's talk about
things that can be done because the idea
is yeah we all want these utopian isms
whatever your ISM is but is the world
ready for it right now is the world
ready for it I know my ISM and no
society's not quite there yet or not I
wish we were but we're not so what kind
of stepping stones could we get what can
we make what little pathway can we lead
that would get us there eventually what
steps can we take right now because when
the dust settles from this we're gonna
have the opportunity to demand it
we're gonna have the opportunity to
reshape the society the world that we
live in but we have to know what we want
because those who are already benefiting
from the system we have today they know
what they want and they have a plan if
we're not clear on what we want then
we're really just wishing and hoping
that those at the top will see fit to
give us the scraps from the table that's
really what we're what we're about if we
don't have a clear plan so I want to
know what you want I want to know what
ideas you have to get us there and I
know there'll be debate down there just
trying to keep it civil at least a
little bit this is one of those things
we're all sitting around right now we
don't have much going on you know and it
might be a nice reprieve to think about
the positive aspects to think about a
positive future rather than what's being
broadcast to us constantly tell me your
ideal world or at least a stepping stone
that could get us there we need a clear
picture
we need that picture we need that road
map if we can come up with a general
idea then we know what steps to take we
know how to move in that direction but
without it we're literally just throwing
ourselves at the mercy
of our betters those who are already in
control of the system that exists those
that have led us into this situation
incoming situations we've got to shatter
the mystery about what we want and how
we want to get there anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night